Yes, yeah. I actually, I've always sort of dealt with body image issues and things like that,
but there was a particular thing that happened to me when I was in elementary school entering high school,
which was like the worst time for anything to happen,
but I started losing my hair in copious amounts, and I was very confused as to why it was happening,
but it got to the point where it was so noticeable that I was so self-conscious about it,
and people would point it out to me, and just as, you know, transitioning from elementary school to high school,
that's already a lot of pressure, and I've just always kind of dealt with that self-image issues, I guess.
So this song is really personal to me, but hopefully, and seemingly to other people too,
which has been really amazing and fulfilling to know that it's been touching people the way that I hoped it would.
Yeah, I know, that's pretty cool, yeah.
No, I said, I think they misunderstood. I said, it's okay, I'm a rule breaker, I can do this,
but they misunderstood and said I'm a proofreader, but I was just making a really dumb joke.
I was nervous. Shonai Twain was there, and I just didn't think. I was just spewing out words.
But I knew that I was going to forget people, so I had to take out my piece of paper.
Next year, I'm hoping to just hide away and make new music.
I'm hoping to just disappear and come out of my little cave when I'm ready, but yeah, we'll see what happens.
Oh, thank you. I don't even know if I technically could, because it's not really mine.
I'm just the voice on it, but I would love to.
I mean, that's such a beautiful song, and I'm so happy to be a part of especially that movie,
because it's, again, just so empowering for women, and I'm all about that, of course.
Of course, yeah. I think there's so much pressure on women, especially people who are in this industry.
There's always pressures on how to look and how to be, and I just want to tell people that there are alternatives,
and you can still love yourself naturally, and it's important.
Thank you. So are you.
